How should we handle proficiencies? I guess the strength and weakness system could help to make that come to fruition but since that is mostly optional
do we want players to be able to bore themselves into a coma? Perhaps we force the player to have at least 3 weaknesses and 3 strengths? perhaps that's
too many but it's a good start to encourage roleplaying.

Leveling table:
Starting, the player is level 1 with 0 xp

stats are divided into
Strength, Dexterity, Agility, Endurance, Perception, Charisma, Intelligence
and all go from 0 - 100 which represents a percentage value which is added onto formulas where the stat is used.
Note that after we add the multiplier, we round DOWN.
whenever the player levels up they are asked to allocate 5 points into stats of their choosing after resting in a bed.

Damage is the base damage range of your species + the weapon's damage * your strength/dexterity stat. (based on the weapon!)
Taking damage is another story. We need to take into account armor on the hit body part. (perhaps just a simple subtraction.)
That might be an issue though as making armor not mitigate enough damage will make people avoid it and making it too good will
make people only use it.

Perhaps on top of taking into account armor, we also look at level or endurance in order to "bump the numbers" or scale it better.
If nothing else this shows how important good item balancing is for weapons, armor and other things.

When it comes to dodging, what is the percentage cap we want? 50%? 80%? Do we want to make them able to dodge everyting or should we account
for the attackers agility as well?

Dodging = (1 - (weight / weightCap)) * agility / attackerAgility        //Looks like it'll work suprisingly well! :)

Calculating health might be wierd since we want something that we can just plug into a formula.
We basically want a calculation where it scales nicely and doesn't shrink the player health over a level up.
perhaps we make endurance only go from 1 - 1.5

Health = Mathf.FloorToInt((50 * level) * (1 + (endurance / 2)))

When it comes to the xp we have to consider the fact that when adding the xp it goes through the multiplier that's based on the player's strenghts and weaknesses.
should xp be linear, exponenial or logaritmical? Probably exponential as we want to reward players taking down bigger and badder monsters
we could take the last levels value and multiply it by some scalar in order to get a new; higher threshold.
How about we take a base value, multiply it by the level and then multiply a exponential scalar onto it in order to curve it nicely.

xpNeeded = 25 + (level ^ (12 * .14)) * 3    //This gives a nice exponential curve. It might be a bit too steep but I think we can compensate with later enemy xp amounts.
